# ssw345-hw5-reflection

## Design 
#### What was most helpful about thinking about design methods of your project?

Developing a user storyboard and class/ sequence/ service diagram was very intuitive. We did this at the beginning of the milestone, and this allowed the team to go over the flow of the bot process and the interaction between the bot and users. Overall, the Design Workshop we did at the beginning of March contained all the helpful guidelines (ex: the core problem the bot is trying to solve, design pattern to incorporate, etc)

#### What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
Though we ended up not including the database for the bot design, the class diagram for the interaction between the MethodExample and DatabaseManager was a bit challenging to grasp the core idea of it. I believe it challenged me because I didn’t have sufficient knowledge on how to connect the bot and the database and push/pull the data from it. I would look up more files online and have a better understanding before drawing them.

#### What design methods might you want to try again in the future on another project?
Out of all the useful methods, I think the sequence diagram designed by David, our group member, was the most efficient way to visualize how the interaction between discord interface and server works.

## Implementation
#### What was most helpful about implementing, testing, and integration in your bot project?
For testing the bot, each member used its own channel in the same server where everyone was in. I think it was a very smart idea to have our own channel to test the bot, but still in the same server with everyone because this lets everyone not only individually try their bots but also look around other channels and see if others needed help on implementation.

#### What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
Regarding the code set up, I wish I would’ve reached out to my teammate earlier about setting a discord token. Though I figured out my own way after hours of research/ try, It would’ve been more efficient to get help earlier to spend more time on actual tasks
. 
#### What implementation, testing and integration methods might you want to try again in the future on another project?
I would use the current testing method which everyone had their channels to test the code, but still in the same server so we can check on each others’ channels for help or current progress.

## Process
#### What was most helpful about implementing kanban and code review in your project?
The github kanban board was the most efficient way for the process milestone. Setting up the board and delegating issues at the start helped the team move forward. Also, the code review definitely made the implementation process less frustrating because I was able to get help from other teammates and also able to help others.

#### What was most difficult? What would you do differently?
Even though we started with everyone having their issues to take care of, we didn’t effectively use the management to get some functions developed after that first iteration on issues. For next time, I would’ve proactively created more issues and delegated them to members during the meeting.

#### What software processes or practices might you want to try again in the future on another project?
I really liked the usage of the kanban board, hence, definitely use it again for future projects. What would be different from the current usage is that issues will be more frequently updated and closed. 

## Overall
#### Considering all the design methods, implementation practices, and software processes you've encountered---compare and contrast how the benefits of the different practices and how they might be useful together.

I think all processes are helpful and similar in a way that they help developers and reviewers spot any issues, possible errors, or improvements. After the design milestone, we’ve received great feedback from Dr. Yang suggesting that using Stackoverflow API will be more efficient and beneficial instead of using a database generated by volunteers. Everyone in the group agreed, so we tilted the plan a little bit and developed a bot that retrieves corresponding answers from API after taking user input of MethodName and LibraryName. Though design methods help to find better ways to develop, implementation practices and software processes will find issues that are more in-depth regarding the functional aspects of the projects. This will guide developers to more testings and fixing issues/bugs, therefore enhance the quality of the project. I figured that the majority of good practices that I want to continue working on for future projects were initiated by David, one of my teammates, so I thank him for facilitating the discussion when setting up the project board in github for issues and setting up the test server. 
